+++
title = "J-Park Simulator, an intelligent system for information management of eco-industrial parks"
date = 2017-08-18T11:27:35+08:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Chuan Zhang", "Li Zhou", "Alessandro Romagnoli", "Markus Kraft"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "The 9th International Conference on Applied Energy"
publication_short = "ICAE"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "This paper presents new insights into constructing a cyber-infrastructure system, called J-Park Simulator, for the resource and energy management of eco-industrial parks. The concept of Industry 4.0 is applied to develop the system. Advanced information modeling and managing technology – ontology technology is introduced to build the knowledge base for J-Park Simulator, which delivers a decentralized information managing system. The system allows information of the individual entities been managed locally by the entity themselves, in the meanwhile facilitates information sharing via the Internet and/or intranet. A bottom-up object-oriented approach is adopted to partition and organize information of the complex eco-industrial park. The proposed work addresses key issues in computer-aided design and operation of eco-industrial parks in the context of realizing Industry 4.0."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["deep-learning"]

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.egypro.2017.12.313"
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = "papers/2017_ICAE.pdf"
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = true

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = "example_ontology.png"
caption = "An example ontological description of water boiling point in machine readable language"

+++
